chore: remove unnecessary instances of "clerk" (#1688)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/nextjs/custom-signup-signin-pages.mdx

This guide shows you how to use the [`<SignIn />`](/docs/components/authentication/sign-in) and [`<SignUp />`](/docs/components/authentication/sign-up) components with the [Next.js optional catch-all route](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/routing/dynamic-routes#catch-all-segments) in order to build custom sign-in and sign-up pages for your Next.js app.

> If the prebuilt components don't meet your specific needs or if you require more control over the logic, you can rebuild the existing Clerk flows using the Clerk API. For more information, check out the [custom flows](/docs/custom-flows/overview) guides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the prebuilt components don't meet your specific needs or if you require more control over the logic, you can rebuild the existing Clerk flows using Clerk's API. For more information, see the [custom flow guides.](/docs/custom-flows/overview)
```
